hello friends with you roshana go to fables
Hello, Vladimir Lem, Hello and
today we will fly to explore the open spaces
galaxies actually we will fly to earth
and we will be there to learn something this is ours
such before the flight dance us
attach some more famous people
well in short okay now I run and
flying into orbit flying dons on the agenda
of the day
means the galaxy horseshoe to cook
I devour on
Nikolaev gums and then
talking about the elite clinic of the region
camera skills and pharma nord bubbles
time new barrel oops who shoot for
actually
drives shoot and you can knock the bird
all my maximum level is 8
then kill on the eighth level not
to pump
sport
Immediately do something about it
and
just scaring constantly
they direct the act of giving birth to
mating on you
max neater neater we go
half an hour 0 2 cards worth . they him
at first
music picture classes here it is
rfb together
row
let's act 1 know tied scudo alfa
romeo can scan
he is an escape zaky trinity is not necessary
scan our objects
let's go there dad is a pilot left jotto
more enemies god by the way here
see here what is lying around
in what
we so despise this of course
where are you moving away but the button is near
need someone's wallets
I'm already doing a little bit of the station
while we are no what
and max one is not worth serious dancing
this
chairs
but
to a gold mine or something
dubai
a hundred all over the devil guys
I will fall
help them about what is very powerful
knocked down there are five notes invisible shine
I 'll get a machine gun now
fine throwing out some small
exactly stayed
Well, the campaign did it hurts like on
But they are already waiting
this is a long time crap needs frenza my
To go nuts he doesn't have and you can see how much
brother
when going home many
shoot what says
you are far away
strayed look at the corpses of these can
he still remains
will be
fine
this
the key is the color opens in my there
or
patrons generally balashov
then we would be no way out
and dry fashion for the year the last boss
I don't see where already later
what do you want a toucan
and spit or corner
damn, I missed everything
and looked collect exploded I did not see
to exploded but we did it guys and
now we can hang out
you have 13 11 10 seconds left to
hang out
over corpse in eyes so
we have our cooperative race
Ends friends write your
comments put likes want to see
still continuation here some messi still
open for us was 1 moment
Zuko Mosin to new when
and vladimir lem i don't know yet
ok let's go